
  Rampur Tukum is a village in the Gadchiroli district with an area of 166.8 hectares and harbouring 2 households with a total population of 10 as per the 2011 Census. The nearest town DESAIGANJ  is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.

== Educational Facilities ==  
The nearest Pre-primary school is at a distance of less than 5 km from the village.
The nearest Primary school is at a distance of less than 5 km from the village.
The nearest Middle school is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
The nearest Secondary school is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
The nearest Senior Secondary school is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
The nearest Degree college of Arts and Science and Commerce is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
The nearest Engineering college is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
The nearest Medical college is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
The nearest Management institute is at a distance of more than 10 km from the village.
The nearest Polytechnic is at a distance of more than 10 km from the village.
The nearest Vocational training school is at a distance of more than 10 km from the village.
The nearest Non-formal training centre is at a distance of more than 10 km from the village.
The nearest Special school for disabled is at a distance of more than 10 km from the village.
 


== Medical Facilities (Governmental) ==
The nearest Commumity health centre is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
The nearest Primary health centre is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
The nearest Primary health sub centre is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
The nearest Maternity and child welfare centre is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
The nearest T.B. clinic is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
The nearest Allopathic hospital is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
The nearest Alternative medicine hospital is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
The nearest Dispensarie is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
The nearest Veterinary hospital is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
The nearest Mobile health clinic is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
The nearest Family welfare centre is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.

== Medical Facilities (Non-Government) ==
There are 0 Charitable non Govt. hospital/Nursing homes in the village.
There are 0 Medical practitioner(s) with MBBS Degrees in the village.
There are 0 Medical practitioner(s) with other degrees in the village.
There are 0 Medical practitioner(s) with no degrees in the village.
There are 0 Traditional practitioner(s) and faith healers in the village.
There are 0 Medicine Shops in the village.
There are 0 Other non-governmental medical amenities in the village.

== Drinking Water ==
Drinking water from Tap is not available in the village.
Drinking water from Wells is available in the village.
Drinking water from Hand pumps is available in the village.
Drinking water from Tube wells / Bore wells is not available in the village.
Drinking water from Springs is not available in the village.
Drinking water from River / Canal is not available in the village.
Drinking water from Tank / Pond / Lake is not available in the village.
Drinking water from other sources is not available in the village.

== Sanitation ==
Community toilet including  bath is not available in the village.
Community toilet excluding  bath is not available in the village.
Rural  sanitary mart or sanitary  hardware outlet is not available in the village.
Community bio- gas or recycle of waste for productive use is not available in the village.

== Communication and Transport ==
The nearest Post office  is at a distance of less than 5 km from the village.
The nearest Sub Post office  is at a distance of less than 5 km from the village.
The nearest Post & Telegraph office  is at a distance of less than 5 km from the village.
 
The nearest Telephones (Land lines) is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
The nearest Public call office is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
The nearest Mobile phone coverage is at a distance of less than 5 km from the village.
The nearest Internet cafes / Common service centre is at a distance of more than 10 km from the village.
The nearest Private courier is at a distance of more than 10 km from the village.
The nearest Bus service (Public & Private) is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
The nearest Railway station is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
The nearest Auto/Modified Auto is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
The nearest Taxi and Van is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
The nearest Tractor is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
 
The nearest Carts driven by animals is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
 
The nearest national highway is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
The nearest state highway is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
The nearest major district road   is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
Village is connected to a other district road.
There are Pucca roads in the village.
There are Kutchcha roads in the village.
There are Water bounded macadam roads in the village.
 
There are Footpaths in the village.

== Market and Banking ==
The nearest Commercial & Co-operative Bank is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
The nearest ATM is at a distance of more than 10 km from the village.
The nearest Agricultural Credit Society is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
Self-Help Group is available in the village.
The nearest Public distribution system (PDS) shop is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
The nearest Mandis / Regular market is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
The nearest Weekly Haat is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
The nearest Agricultural marketing society is at a distance of less than 5 km from the village.

== Health & Nutrition & Entertainment Amenities ==
The nearest Integrated Child Development Scheme (Nutritional Centre) is at a distance of less than 5 km from the village.
The nearest Anganwadi Centre (Nutritional Centre) is at a distance of less than 5 km from the village.
Others (Nutritional Centre) is available in the village.
The nearest ASHA (Accredited Social Health Activist is at a distance of more than 10 km from the village.
The nearest Community centre with/without TV  facility is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
The nearest Sports Field is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
The nearest Sports Club / Recreation Centre is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
The nearest Cinema / Video Hall is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
The nearest Public Library is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
The nearest Public Reading Room is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
The nearest Newspaper Supply is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
The nearest Assembly Polling station is at a distance of 5 to 10 km from the village.
Birth & Death Registration Office is available in the village.

== Electricity ==
Power supply for domestic use is available in the village.
Power supply for agricultural use is available in the village.
Power supply for commercial use is not available in the village.
Power supply for all uses is not available in the village.

== Land Use ==
Rampur Tukum exhibits the following land use pattern (area in hectares):
Forests: 20.3
Area under Non-agricultural Uses: 0
Barren and Un-cultivable land: 19.5
Permanent Pastures and Other Grazing Lands: 4.2
Land Under Miscellaneous Tree Crops etc: 2.8
Culturable Waste Land: 1.4
Fallow lands other than current fallows: 1
Current Fallows: 1.5
Net Area Sown: 116
Total Irrigated Land Area: 130
Total Un-irrigated Land Area: -14

== Irrigation facilities ==
Sources of irrigation are as follows (area in hectares):
Canals: 92.4
Wells/Tube-wells: 0
Tanks/Lakes: 0
Water Falls: 0
Others: 37.7

== Manufacturing ==
 Rampur Tukum is engaged in the manufacture of following items (in decreasing order of importance): 
                  
